Extract README CLI section to separate guide (#31)
Damian-Nordic/connectedhomeip: examples/lock-app/nrfconnect/README.md

        $ cd <example-dir>
        $ west debug

## Testing the example

> Check the [CLI tutorial](../../../docs/guides/nrfconnect_examples_cli.md) to
> learn how to use command-line interface of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing the example is based on the command-line interface.
Read the [Using CLI in nRF Connect SDK examples](../../../docs/guides/nrfconnect_examples_cli.md) page to
learn how to start using CLI for testing purposes.
```
Similarly for the other example.

Author: "Testing the example is based on the command-line interface." can be confusing as it's not necessary to use the CLI to test the example, can I only apply the second sentence?

Reviewer: Sure.

> TODO: mention Rendezvous tutorial here

Reviewer: Don't mention TODO in docs. Preferred approach: create a JIRA to track this.

Author: OK, will remove
